feat: brk make organization_id computed (#746)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/index.md

> ## Authentication

Reviewer: Maybe we should also remove the `SCW_DEFAULT_ORGANIZATION_ID` below?

The Scaleway authentication is based on an **access key**, and a **secret key**.
Since secret keys are only revealed one time (when it is first created) you might

> need to create a new one in the section "API Tokens" of the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/account/credentials).
> Click on the "Generate new token" button to create them.
> Giving it a friendly-name is recommended.

Reviewer 2: We might have more links to fix here

```suggestion
need to create a new one in the section "API Keys" of the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/project/credentials).
Click on the "Generate new API key" button to create them.
Giving it a friendly-name is recommended.
```
